Gotta hurry up and make money
Only pay off gambling debts
To convince Xiaoxue not to divorce me
Lottery tickets are temporarily unavailable.
Then go sell antiques
Boss, do you have any Lin's here?
Tang Bohu's Solitude
Lin's Tang Bohu's sunset loneliness pair
Are you going to give it away?
Wait a minute I'll go find him
OK
That's him!
How much does it cost?
Well, since you sincerely want to give 2,000 yuan
Good deal, good deal, hahaha.
Boy, I want this painting
Name your price.
300,000?
Boy, I heard it just now
You paid 2,000 for this painting
You sell me for 30.
Are you crazy about money?
Take it easy
This painting is worth it now
Forget it if you don't buy it.
Boss, this is money
Slow down.
The boy is so big, your dog eyes can see clearly
Look who I am
I am the Xu family
Do you know what the consequences are?